Megatron tokenization pipeline (#1259)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: tutorials/text/megatron-tokenizer/README.md

Reviewer: I was wondering if you can add an introduction and/or concepts section in the README? And maybe point to a good tutorial, documentation, etc. on the Megatron side for users to check out and plug their bin/idx files into.

- **model_identifier**: The tokenizer to load from the HuggingFace Hub using the `AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained` method
- **tokenization_batch_size**: The number of documents to feed into `tokenizer.batch_encode_plus` and write to disk at a time
- **append_eod**: Whether to append an end-of-document token to each sequence. Defaults to `False`
- **text_field**: The field in the DocumentBatch that contains the text to tokenize
- **cache_dir**: The directory where the cached tokenizer model will be stored. If not specified, it will use the [default transformers cache](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/en/installation#cache-directory) directory

> - **hf_token**: The HuggingFace token for authentication (required if not logged in and attempting to access gated models)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **hf_token**: The Hugging Face token for authentication (required if not logged in and attempting to access gated models)
```
